Website feedback
Overall, I think it has a good structure and framework. I think it’s a great starting point 😊
However, there is a few things that we need to work on.
Mainly, I want the website to respect the intelligence of the reader and grab their attention, so I
need it to look good. No ChatGPT generated text, the formatting to be a little bit lighter and more
‘fun’ and to have a friendly picture on the front page.
Overall appearance changes – I don’t like the black and red – it looks too much like my current
gym website.
Can we play around with different colours – maybe black, white and orange.
Home page:
Can you change the name from ‘catherine Derby’ to ‘Cat Denby’
(Clients normally know me as Cat)
Text: Replace ‘Elite Performance Coaching’ with ‘Elite coaching’
Too much black and red – looks too much like KO. Can you change the background colour –
play around with it.
Change photo on home page. I want some happiness. Could we put the pic of me and Martin on
it – want to see it on front of the text. I like the picture I have on my current website
https://catherinedenbypersonaltraining.com/ to be on the front page of this one.
I also like the font on my current website more. This one looks too blocky and serious.
Change ‘Sports science-backed coaching for competitive athletes. From NBA courts to combat
rings --- I help athletes unlock their full potential’
To: ‘Friendly science based inclusive personal training individually tailored to you and your
goals’.
I like the buttons however I think they are too blocky.
About me:
‘About’ – change to ‘About me’
I love the ‘science-driven performance’ and the ticks – I think they’re great 😊
Change:
‘I'm a strength & conditioning coach with a Master's in Sports Science. My journey has taken me
from NBA training facilities to professional boxing camps and elite football clubs.
I work exclusively with athletes who have competitive goals — whether you're stepping into the
ring, toeing the start line, or competing at the highest levels of your sport.
This isn't about "getting fit." It's about leveraging sports science to unlock performance gains you
didn't know were possible.’
To:
‘Hi I’m Cat and I’m a personal trainer.
I combine academic expertise and practical experience to deliver personal training for
all levels that’s personalised and goal driven. I hold an MSc in Applied Sports Science with a
focus on Strength & Conditioning, have experience working in the NBA, with professional boxers
and running a PT business for over 10 years.

My journey began as an athlete; from youth football and tennis to boxing and back to
football. Now, I apply this lived experience, alongside current sports science, to support
people across all levels of training, from elite athletes to people who have never
stepped foot in a gym before. Whatever your level I aim to make training friendly, fun
and science based.
I currently work in-house in a leading martial arts academy and offer 1-1 coaching,
consultancy, and team training across a range of sports.’
Change the ticks to
Master's degree in Sports Science
NBA strength & conditioning experience
Evidence-based, periodised programming
10+ years personal training experience
All levels welcome
Remote and in-person options available
Services:
Can we add one other box with ‘personal training’ – I need to make sure I’m appealing to
commercial clients too
‘Personalised, friendly, fun 1-1 training with a focus on your goals. Get stronger, lose fat and
gain muscle.’
Change the spelling of ‘periodized’ to ‘periodised’.
‘Athletes I work with’
Im not sure about this section as I think it looks a little messy, so was thinking we could change
it to testimonials with a 5 star image or something? These are some of my current ones.
Client feedback:

“The strength gains have completely changed my fight performance.”
— Patrick, MMA fighter

“I feel like I’m using my body properly for the first time in years.”
— Alice, Lawyer

“She understands how to challenge me in a way that supports my disability, not limits it.”
— Kat, Dancer

“Since training with Cat, my migraines and back pain have stopped. I move better, feel
stronger, and know how to manage my posture.”
— Andrea, Business Consultant

“She collaborates with physios and listens to how my body feels each session — that’s
rare in a coach.”
— T, Engineer

(Also Venus and Monique are the same person lol so you could change one of the pics of Venus
to Donna)
The ‘In the trenches’ bit I really like – could we put one of the pictures of Monique in there?
The text however I think looks a little messy – maybe there is a better way of formatting it so it
looks smoother and fits into the image better?

Delete the ‘lets build your winning edge part’ – and replace it with
What I offer:
1-1 Coaching
(In-person and online)

55-minute session including mobility, strength, and conditioning work
Sessions are designed to be challenging, but also fun. They are tailored to you and your
goals.
Location: KO gym, Bethnal Green, London.

Consultancy
(In-person and online)

For teams and individuals:
Warm-up protocols
Weekly structures & periodisation
Movement screening & testing
Program design
Recovery strategies
Contact form:
None of the links work
Change email from @hello@catherinedenbypersonaltraining.com
to hello@catherinedenbypersonaltraining.com
Instagram not hyperlinked